Document workflow with external robots-configuration (#698)
robotology/robots-configuration: .github/local-workflow-tech.md

  ```console
  git config --local core.hooksPath .githooks/
  ```

Use an external robots-configuration separately from the robotology-superbuild
==================================================================

> In some `ergoCubSN???` setups, the `robots-configuration` configured used by the robot is not the one downloaded by the robotology-superbuild and that can be found at `/usr/local/src/robot/robotology-superbuild/src/robots-configuration`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some `ergoCubSN???` setups, the `robots-configuration` used by the robot is not the one downloaded by the robotology-superbuild (that would be found at `/usr/local/src/robot/robotology-superbuild/src/robots-configuration`),
```

but rather a separate `robots-configuration` available at `/usr/local/src/robot/robots-configuration`. This is done for two reasons:
* To permit to clone a fresh new robotology-superbuild, without the need to manually perform the local repository configuration as described in the previous section,
* To permit to easily share the used `robots-configuration` to other `robotology-superbuild`, that for example are part of a different environment or a different container.

> The steps necessary to swithc to use an external robots-configuration given an existing robotology-superbuild setup are the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The steps necessary to switch to use an external robots-configuration given an existing robotology-superbuild setup are the following:
```

## 🔲 Disable robots-configuration from the superbuild

First of all, pass the [`-ROBOTOLOGY_SKIP_ROBOTS_CONFIGURATION:BOOL=ON`](https://github.com/robotology/robotology-superbuild/pull/1775) CMake option to all the robotology-superbuild that should use the external `robots-configuration`.

If the `robotology-superbuild` was already built once, remember to remove the existing robots-configuration repository to avoid confusion:

~~~

> rm -rf /usr/local/src/robot/robotology-superbuild/src/robots-configuration

Reviewer: Probably it should be uninstalled first

~~~

## 🔲 Clone, install and ensure that external robots-configuration is visible

~~~
cd /usr/local/src/robot
git clone  https://github.com/robots-configuration/robots-configuration.git
cd robots-configuration
~~~

At this point, follow the configuration steps documented in the earlier section. Then, install the repo without dependencies, using the `nodeps` CMake preset:

~~~
cmake --preset nodeps
cmake --install build
~~~

After you did all of this, to ensure that the installed files are found by YARP, add the following line to the `.bashrc_iCub` of the robot:

~~~

> export YARP_DATA_DIRS=$YARP_DATA_DIRS:/usr/local/src/robot/robots-configuration/build/install/share/ICUBcontrib

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export ROBOTS_CONFIGURATION_SRC=/usr/local/src/robot/robots-configuration
export YARP_DATA_DIRS=$YARP_DATA_DIRS:${ROBOTS_CONFIGURATION_SRC}/build/install/share/ICUBcontrib
```

This would help me in editing the additional commands files to point to the correct directories

Author: As discussed in person, probably the best way to proceed is do add the env variable at the ergocub-torso bashrc, so that the env variable is also valid if the "regular" workflow is used?

Author: As discussed in person, we will sort this out later.
